like most farmers in Ivory Coast
remember gray Goossens family has been
raising cocoa for generations but a
couple of years ago blue-gray decided to
start wearing rubber trees instead we're
gonna look at all I could eat food about
equality
I left cocoa farming because rubber
gives me a regular income cocoa is a
seasonal product you only get paid every
three months and cocoa unlike rubber is
difficult to harvest there are a lot of
processes involved and a lot of people
involved but with rubber farming you're
in total control you look after the
trees do a month's work and get paid at
the end of it and that's why many
Ivorian farmers are turning to farming
rubber in droves
last year farmers produced two hundred
and fifty-five thousand tons of rubber
by the year 2020 they want to produce
six hundred thousand from rubber
plantations like this and they may
achieve that goal natural rubber is used
to make bus and track tires a well
demand for it is so high that this
processing plant runs nearly 24 hours a
day but there's not enough land in
government finance to support rubber
farmers last year there were
applications to fund 55 thousand
hectares of land but the government was
only able to find that 17 thousand
hectares the main problem is that we
don't have enough nurseries to produce
the seedlings demand is just too high
there is a lot of passion to farm rubber
the Minister of Agriculture says the
government is doing all it can to
provide more money
Sybilla contorno divan we believe that
this is a sector that can bring more
resources to our economy and find
poverty I believe that if farmers who
occur it in the world should be the ones
getting the satisfaction the lack of
land and government money makes it
difficult for Ivory Coast's 100,000
rubber farmers to give up growing coca
altogether at least for now if on de gay
al Jazeera see Kensie Ivory Coast